[[=]] Todo =

- It looks like selected_items doesn't allow you to have groups with the same names
- [258] Reason Block: Create It ---- matrix relationships need to be fucking updated
- seems like matrix+playa relationships aren't working?
- M10o93H7pQ09L8X1t49cHY01Z5j4TT91fGfr issue seems related to tags not being parsed? Make sure templates are being loaded from files. Make sure characters didn't get messed up during the import
- exp_nsm_addon_settings has some weird serialized data - doesn't seem to be important
 - shouldn't matrix data be filling columns ABOVE 44? answer is yes
- fix playa
  - why does exp_playa_relationships have zeroes in parent_col, parent_row_id, parent_var_id?
- upgrade:
  - http://www.solspace.com/docs/super_search/change_log/#v2.0.5
- shouldn't the following "fields" actually be shown?
  - status
  - revisions
  - categories
  - url title
  - nsm better meta
  - channel
  - status
  - author
  - options
  - expiration date




- https://workflowy.com/shared/da537e4b-73fa-f8c7-64ed-3fb2526db98b/
- http://addyosmani.github.com/basket.js/
- [[TestingMicroclass]]
- [[PRWEBUpgrading]]
  - figure out the new_global_vars in the config
  - entry versioning?
  - http://frservice.prweb.new/combien-ca-coute/ has broken codes on it
- ga microclass - god
- [[Shure]]
  - what does registration do for mobile?
  - what does the nav landing page link look like in ES?
  - refactor 'col' to use border-sizing
  - better product icon setup?
  - [[ClassingSystem]]
- [[HaqLibrary]] - https://vl.basecamphq.com/projects/2354488-marketing/posts/69944732/comments

MOVING
- [[Moving]]

WORK GOALS:
- http://c.learncodethehardway.org/book/learn-c-the-hard-waych17.html
- Learn Objective C
  - http://cocoadevcentral.com/d/learn_objectivec/
  - http://mobile.tutsplus.com/tutorials/iphone/learn-objective-c-day-1/
- Make a simple game
  - http://www.raywenderlich.com/352/how-to-make-a-simple-iphone-game-with-cocos2d-tutorial
- Write:
  - [[GameIdeas]]
    - http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/
    - http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/wiki/doku.php/resources:iphone_recommended_reading

= Notes =

Virtual Box password:
Laoo,rpe1

= Pages =

- [[PRWebDocs]]
- [[SeedMicroclassOutline]]
- [[MoviesToWatch]]
- [[VimNotes]]
- [[ToRead]]
- [[AboutMe]]
- [[PersonalValues]]
- [[MeditationInstruction]]
- [[SixObstaclesToMeditation]]
- [[GathasToLearn]]
- [[JobCriteria]]
- [[StuffIWant]]
- [[GitTips]]
